docs: add installation guide and update README for Blaze4j v0.0.1 (#9)
MadhavDhatrak/Blaze4J: README.md

- **Easy integration**: Simple API for compiling schemas and validating instances.
- **Cross-platform**: Works on Windows, Linux, and macOS.

--- 

> ## Project Structure

Reviewer: This also doensn't look necessary for users. Also, anyone can get the directory structure, if the need it, with a `tree` command, so there is no need to include it in the docs. Please remove it (both from here and the TOC)

└── CMakeLists.txt     # CMake configuration

```
---

## Installation

**Maven**
- Add the following dependency to your `pom.xml`:
```java
<dependency>
    <groupId>io.github.madhavdhatrak</groupId>
    <artifactId>blaze4j</artifactId>
    <version>0.0.1</version>
</dependency>

```

**Gradle**
- Add this to your `build.gradle`:
```java
implementation group: 'io.github.madhavdhatrak', name: 'blaze4j', version: '0.0.1'
```

>  **Make Sure to have pom.xml Like this**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Make sure to pass the `--enable-preview` flag to the JVM.** Example `pom.xml`:
```

```java
<dependency>
    <groupId>io.github.madhavdhatrak</groupId>
    <artifactId>blaze4j</artifactId>
    <version>0.0.1</version>
</dependency>

```

**Gradle**
- Add this to your `build.gradle`:
```java
implementation group: 'io.github.madhavdhatrak', name: 'blaze4j', version: '0.0.1'
```

 **Make Sure to have pom.xml Like this**
```java
<properties>
    <maven.compiler.source>21</maven.compiler.source>
    <maven.compiler.target>21</maven.compiler.target>
    <project.build.sourceEncoding>UTF-8</project.build.sourceEncoding>
</properties>

<dependencies>
    <dependency>
        <groupId>io.github.madhavdhatrak</groupId>
        <artifactId>blaze4j</artifactId>
        <version>0.0.1</version>
    </dependency>
</dependencies>

<build>
    <plugins>
        <plugin>
            <groupId>org.apache.maven.plugins</groupId>
            <artifactId>maven-compiler-plugin</artifactId>
            <version>3.11.0</version>
            <configuration>
                <compilerArgs>
                    <arg>--enable-preview</arg>
                </compilerArgs>
            </configuration>
        </plugin>
        <plugin>
            <groupId>org.codehaus.mojo</groupId>

>             <artifactId>exec-maven-plugin</artifactId>

Reviewer: Not every user will need this plugin. For example if you use spring boot, then you don't need the exec-maven-plugin. I suggest doing the following:

 * include only the most minimal code snippets in the README that everyone has to be aware of
 *  have a separate `blaze4j-examples` repository that has complete working examples, with all details, so that people can just clone and run it. It could include a hello-world example (plain old java application) and a spring boot example (and maybe more in the future).

            + "\"type\": \"string\""
            + "}";

        try (CompiledSchema schema = Blaze.compile(schemaJson)) {
            final BlazeValidator validator = new BlazeValidator();
            
            // Test valid string input
            boolean validStringResult = validator.validate(schema, "\"hello\"");
            System.out.println("Validation result for \"hello\": " + validStringResult);
            boolean invalidNumberResult = validator.validate(schema, "42");
            System.out.println("Validation result for 42: " + invalidNumberResult);
        }
    }
}
```
- **Detailed Error Reporting**
```java
package com.example;

import com.github.madhavdhatrak.blaze4j.Blaze;
import com.github.madhavdhatrak.blaze4j.CompiledSchema;
import com.github.madhavdhatrak.blaze4j.ValidationResult;
import com.github.madhavdhatrak.blaze4j.ValidationError;

public class TestBlaze4j {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        System.out.println("\nTesting enum validation:");
        String enumSchemaJson = "{"
            + "\"$schema\": \"https://json-schema.org/draft/2020-12/schema\","
            + "\"enum\": [\"red\", \"green\", \"blue\"]"

>             + "}";

Reviewer: Please use multi-line string here as well.

        String invalidEnumInstance = "\"yellow\"";

        try (CompiledSchema compiledSchema = Blaze.compile(enumSchemaJson)) {
            ValidationResult result = Blaze.validateWithDetails(compiledSchema, invalidEnumInstance);

            System.out.println("Is valid: " + result.isValid());

            if (!result.isValid()) {
                System.out.println("Validation errors:");
                result.getErrors().forEach(System.out::println);
            }
        } catch (Exception e) {
            System.err.println("Error: " + e.getMessage());
            e.printStackTrace();

>         }

Reviewer: Can we simplify the example so that it doesn't have a catch block?

| Draft Version | Status        | Specification                                                                 |
|---------------|--------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Draft 2020-12 | ✅ Supported | [Spec](https://json-schema.org/draft/2020-12/release-notes.html)              |
| Draft 2019-09 | ✅ Supported | [Spec](https://json-schema.org/draft/2019-09/release-notes.html)              |
| Draft 7       | ✅ Supported | [Spec](https://json-schema.org/draft-07/release-notes.html)                   |
| Draft 6       | ✅ Supported | [Spec](https://json-schema.org/draft-06/release-notes.html)                   |
| Draft 4       | ✅ Supported | [Spec](https://json-schema.org/draft-04/release-notes.html)                   |

---
<a name="supported-resolvers"></a>
## Supported `$ref` Resolvers:

| Resolver Type | Status        | Description                                   |
|---------------|---------------|-----------------------------------------------|
| `http`        | ✅ Supported  | Resolves external schemas via HTTP(S) URLs    |
| `classpath`   | ✅ Supported  | Resolves schemas from the Java classpath      |

---

> ## Dependencies

Reviewer: This section would also be better to have in the other md file. Also make sure to check the JDK version (I assume 11 is a typo below, should be 21)

- Java Development Kit (JDK) 11 or higher
- CMake 3.10 or higher
- C++ compiler with C++11 support

> - Blaze library (included as a Git submodule)

Reviewer: See my comment in the other file - it shouldn't be a dependency or prerequisite to have blaze included, should be cloned automatically
